Welcome to the last video of this week.
You now see the fruits of
your labor come together.
In this video, I'll walk you through
how you can build a QA system.
Question answering is
really cool application and
you can use it in almost any
application your building.
So let's dive in and
see how you can do this.
So previously you've seen
the transformer decoder and
now you're going to look at the
transformer encoder so it's very similar.
You have the inputs
embeddings that are going in,
then you have positional encoding,
you have multi-attention head,
add a normalization,
then a feed forward, then other add and
normalization and then this goes
into the decoder architecture.
So, right now,
we will be looking at the feed forward, so
you have a layerNorm, a dense,
followed by an activation.
Then we have a dropouts in the middle,
followed by a dense layer, and
then a dropouts final.
So this is what you'll be implementing
in this weeks programming assignments.
Then you have the encoder block.
So the encoder block has a layer norm,
has the attention, then the dropouts,
and then it has another residual
connection within a feed forward.
So this is the code for
this image over here.
So putting them together, you have
the feed forward here and then you have
the encoder block which has the feed
forward and two residual connections.
So the first one and the second one here.
Now, the other thing you will be
looking at in this weeks programming
assignment is the datasets.
So, you'll have a question like this,
like what percentage of the French
population today is non-European.
You'll have a context and
then you'll have a target.
So the answer is approximately 5%,
which could be found here.
So here is exactly what you'll be doing.
You'll be loading in
a pre-trained model and
then you're going to
process your data set.
Such that you'll have question:
followed by the question.
Contacts: followed by the context as
inputs, and A as targets for answer.
Then you will find soon your
model on the new task and
the inputs, and
then you predict using your own model.
And remember this is the T5
that you'll be working with.
You now learn about the multiple training
strategies used for the T5 model.
In this weeks programming assignments,
you'll get to explore this
route in even more detail